# v3.1.0 - v3.3.0

### Table of Contents
- [Encrypt](#encrypt)
- [Decrypt](#decrypt)
- [Notes](#notes)

<br>

## Encrypt

1. Make sure it’s a valid string.
2. Add salt.
3. Convert to ascii numbers (based on normal alphabet).
4. Generate random offset (0 - 93).
5. Use the offset to reset the ascii table. Offset of 0 changes nothing, offset of 3 adds 3 to all ascii numbers (33 - 126).
6. Generate a random OTP from 5 to 25 chars long. Do this by picking random ascii numbers and using the corresponding char. This is from a normal ascii table, not the one made in step 3.
7. Go through a loop and add each OTP value to the string the user wants to encrypt. ex:

  String to encrypt (ascii): 32 98 120

  Key (ascii): 45 38

  45+32 38+98 45+120 = 77 136mod(ascii max+1) 165mod(ascii max+1) = 77 42 71

8. Convert ascii back to symbols using the offset alphabet.

9. Add end cap to the end of the string with the length of the string.

  Ciphertext string: [ck version ############][offset - ##][OPT length - ##][OTP][encrypted string][end cap - #######]

10. Encrypt the string again using 69 as the offset, the password as the OTP, and the newly created ciphertext string as the plaintext. Only return the encrypted string from this step.

Final string: [encrypted string]

Ex.
- CK v3.21.4 = 0003.0021.0004
- Offset 6 = 06
- OTP jd38*i3j#9ne = length 12
- Encrypted string = ki4nn4n4kj8do834uHdh44d

This ciphertext: 0003002100040612jd38*i3j#9neki4nn4n4kj8do834uHdh44d0000058

Turns to this ciphertext with password: kdD8Ske;{0Wk}eaadNa!@w#$dkDKs9aA)dlsdldPc;v/f>EiODen4IS8se

<br>

## Decrypt

1. Make sure it’s a valid string.
2. Decrypt the password encrypted string with the provided password. Use 69 as offset, password as OTP, and provided string as ciphertext. This will create a ciphertext that is decrypted with the next steps.
3. Separate the string into its chunks.
4. Make sure the string is valid by checking it against the end cap length number.
5. Create the alphabet based on offset.
6. Convert ciphertext to ascii based on offset alphabet and OTP based on normal alphabet.
7. Subtract the OPT from the ciphertext. ex:

  Ciphertext (ascii): 77 42 71

  OTP (ascii): 45 38

  77-45 42-38 71-45 = 32 4mod(magic) 26mod(magic) = 32 98 120

8. Convert ascii to symbols.
9. Remove salt.

<br>

## Notes

- OTP is always converted using regular alphabet. The offset alphabet only gets applied to the message.
- Use 0 - 93 for ascii math and then add 33 to everything at the end.
